[DOC-9504] Followup to highlight required steps for SAML on Okta (#18297)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/configure-cloud-org-sso.md

### Ensure that at least one organization admin belongs to no other CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }} organization

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> You can now use[Folders]({% link cockroachcloud/folders.md %}) (Limited Access) to  to group, organize, and manage access to clusters in a hierarchy within a single CockroachDB Cloud organization. When compared to managing multiple CockroachDB Cloud organizations, this approach simplifies billing and centralizes cluster administration and observability. To learn more, contact your Cockroach Labs account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use [Folders]({% link cockroachcloud/folders.md %}) (Limited Access)  to group, organize, and manage access to clusters in a hierarchy within a single CockroachDB Cloud organization. When compared to managing multiple CockroachDB Cloud organizations, this approach simplifies billing and centralizes cluster administration and observability. To learn more, contact your Cockroach Labs account team.
```

Reviewer: I would also maybe change the second sentence a little, because "this approach" is placed in such a way that it could be referring to "managing multiple" orgs.

What about:
```suggestion
You can now use [Folders]({% link cockroachcloud/folders.md %}) (Limited Access) to group, organize, and manage access to clusters in a hierarchy within a single CockroachDB Cloud organization. In comparison to managing multiple CockroachDB Cloud organizations, Folders simplify billing and centralize cluster administration and observability. To learn more, contact your Cockroach Labs account team.
```

Reviewer: (I don't know if we are capitalizing "folders" throughout the docs?)

Author: I don't think we do, but the style guide [leaves it up to us](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/blob/main/StyleGuide.md#capitalization-rules) and I thought that the word Folders was significant enough in this concept to capitalize it. WDYT?

Author: I tweaked your suggestion just a bit before applying. Thanks!

1. Optionally, [configure advanced settings](#configure-advanced-settings) for the new authentication method.
1. Download metadata required by your IdP. Click **Download**. Open the file and make a note of the following values:<ul><li><b>Entity ID</b>: The <code>entityID</code> attribute of the <code>&lt;EntityDescriptor&gt;</code> tag.</li><li><b>Login URL</b>: The <code>location</code> attribute of the <code>&lt;AssertionConsumerService&gt;</code> tag.</li></ul>
1. In the browser where you are logged in to your IdP, update the authentication configuration to use the Entity ID and Login URL from the metadata file.
1. Configure the SAML assertions that your IdP sends to CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.cloud }}.

>     Your IdP must send an assertion with a `name` field and a second assertion with an `email` field, each mapped to the relevant fields in your IdP. Otherwise, [autoprovisioning](#autoprovisioning) for the authentication method will fail, and users will need to be invited before they can sign in. To configure the SAML assertion, refer to the documentation for your IdP.

Reviewer 2: This isn't related to autoprovisioning - all logins will fail if these fields are not set.

Author: Oh, I thought the problem was with needing to invite the user when they expected them to be autoprovisioned. I'll update.
